Add TCK Distribution module (#92)
jakartaee/data: tck-dist/src/main/asciidoc/sections/04prereq.adoc

== Prerequisites

=== Software To Install

1. **Java/JDK** - Install the JDK you intend to use for this certification request (Java SE Version {JavaVersion1} or Version {JavaVersion2}).
2. **Maven** - Install Apache Maven 3.6.0 or higher.

> 3. **Jakarta EE Platform** (optional) - Jakarta EE Application Server or Container [Glassfish, Open Liberty, JBoss, WebLogic, etc.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Jakarta EE Platform** (if running in EE Mode) - Jakarta EE Application Server or Container [Glassfish, Open Liberty, JBoss, WebLogic, etc.]
```
